The term, Deep Learning,
refers to training Neural Networks,
sometimes very large Neural Networks.
So what exactly is a Neural Network?
In this video, let's try to give
you some of the basic intuitions.
Let's start to
the Housing Price Prediction example.
Let's say you have a data sets with six
houses, so you know the size of the houses
in square feet or square meters and you
know the price of the house and you want
to fit a function to predict the price
of the houses, the function of the size.
So if you are familiar with linear
regression you might say, well let's
put a straight line to these data so
and we get a straight line like that.
But to be Pathans you might
say well we know that prices
can never be negative, right.
So instead of the straight line fit
which eventually will become negative,
let's bend the curve here.
So it just ends up zero here.
So this thick blue line ends
up being your function for
predicting the price of the house
as a function of this size.
Whereas zero here and then there's
a straight line fit to the right.
So you can think of this function that
you've just fit the housing prices
as a very simple neural network.
It's almost as simple as
possible neural network.
Let me draw it here.
We have as the input to the neural network
the size of a house which one we call x.
It goes into this node,
this little circle and
then it outputs the price which we call y.
So this little circle, which is
a single neuron in a neural network,
implements this function
that we drew on the left.
And all the neuron does is it inputs
the size, computes this linear function,
takes a max of zero, and
then outputs the estimated price.
And by the way in the neural network
literature, you see this function a lot.
This function which goes
to zero sometimes and
then it'll takes of as a straight line.
This function is called a ReLU
function which stands for
rectified linear units.
So R-E-L-U.
And
rectify just means taking a max of 0 which
is why you get a function shape like this.
You don't need to worry
about ReLU units for
now but it's just something you
see again later in this course.
So if this is a single neuron,
neural network,
really a tiny little neural network,
a larger neural network
is then formed by taking many of the
single neurons and stacking them together.
So, if you think of this neuron that's
being like a single Lego brick, you then
get a bigger neural network by stacking
together many of these Lego bricks.
Let's see an example.
Let’s say that instead of predicting
the price of a house just from the size,
you now have other features.
You know other things about the host,
such as the number of bedrooms,
I should have wrote [INAUDIBLE] bedrooms,
and you might think that one of the things
that really affects the price of
a house is family size, right?
So can this house fit your family
of three, or family of four, or
family of five?
And it's really based on the size in
square feet or square meters, and
the number of bedrooms
that determines whether or
not a house can fit your
family's family size.
And then maybe you know the zip codes,
in different countries it's
called a postal code of a house.
And the zip code maybe as a future
to tells you, walkability?
So is this neighborhood highly walkable?
Thing just walks the grocery store?
Walk the school?
Do you need to drive?
And some people prefer highly
walkable neighborhoods.
And then the zip code as well as
the wealth maybe tells you, right.
Certainly in the United States but
some other countries as well.
Tells you how good is the school quality.
So each of these little circles I'm
drawing, can be one of those ReLU,
rectified linear units or
some other slightly non linear function.
So that based on the size and
number of bedrooms,
you can estimate the family size,
their zip code, based on walkability,
based on zip code and
wealth can estimate the school quality.
And then finally you might think that well
the way people decide how much they're
will to pay for a house, is they look at
the things that really matter to them.
In this case family size,
walkability, and school quality and
that helps you predict the price.
So in the example x is
all of these four inputs.
And y is the price you're
trying to predict.
And so by stacking together a few of the
single neurons or the simple predictors
we have from the previous slide, we now
have a slightly larger neural network.
How you manage neural network
is that when you implement it,
you need to give it just the input x and
the output y for a number of
examples in your training set and
all this things in the middle,
they will figure out by itself.
So what you actually implement is this.
Where, here, you have a neural
network with four inputs.
So the input features might be the size,
number of bedrooms,
the zip code or postal code, and
the wealth of the neighborhood.
And so given these input features,
the job of the neural network
will be to predict the price y.
And notice also that each of these circle,
these are called hidden units in
the neural network, that each of them
takes its inputs all four input features.
So for example, rather than saying these
first nodes represent family size and
family size depends only
on the features X1 and X2.
Instead, we're going to say,
well neural network,
you decide whatever you
want this known to be.
And we'll give you all four of the
features to complete whatever you want.
So we say that layers that
this is input layer and
this layer in the middle of the neural
network are density connected.
Because every input feature
is connected to every one
of these circles in the middle.
And the remarkable thing about neural
networks is that, given enough data about
x and y, given enough training examples
with both x and y, neural networks
are remarkably good at figuring out
functions that accurately map from x to y.
So, that's a basic neural network.
In turns out that as you build
out your own neural networks,
you probably find them to be most useful,
most powerful
in supervised learning incentives, meaning
that you're trying to take an input x and
map it to some output y, like we just saw
in the housing price prediction example.
In the next video let's go over some
more examples of supervised learning and
some examples of where you might find your
networks to be incredibly helpful for
your applications as well.